
# Be patient!

Sooo … I waited till almost the end of the semester to see how things go. It's not exactly the end end, we do still have some more sessions to go … Buuut … being patiant and not giving up did really have some good results! I can work with computer stuff now! I don't feel that I'm completely lame and not a total grandma when it comes to technonology and I do actually know some programs to work with and I have things to add on to my CV!
- I already know how _Zotero_ works which is great and was one of my favorite sessions so far! Not only because it was fairly easy and straightforward but because I'd always wondered why do people even use citing programs?! Why not just do it manually?! Now I know how more convenient and more ordered is to use such programs!
- I learned to build some sort of online collection with something called _collectionbuilder_. And I learned there is a Moscow in Ohio!
- I learned some stuff with _OpenRefine_. It was for like categorizing data we extracted from the internet. I couldn't use OpenRefine properly to be honest because I have some problems with my old windows. I'll get to it as soon as I got a new windows for me and try to figure every bit of it out!
- And I of course learned to make my very own webiste using _github_ and I learned _Markdown_. I still couldn't install _Zettler_ which is an environment to process with Markdown because again, old windows!. I tried Markdowning(!) with _Sublime_ because I've used it before for _html_ and I was already a little familiar with, but this time I couldn't upload the _.md_ files I got from sublime to the github so I tried _StackEdit_ this time which was a big **NO** at the first second! So I keep my notes in my computer for now and then copy paste all to Zettler. 